README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img src="assets/preview.png"/>
</p>

Vibe is a beautiful React.js dashboard build with Bootstrap 4 and
comes with lots of custom templates and components. It's built with Sass
which allows you to quickly change global colors and styles.

### Quick Start

- Install dependencies by running `yarn` or `npm install`.
- Run `yarn start` or `npm run start` to start the local dev server.

### Reporting Issues

Report any issues you may find with Vibe on the github
issues tab. I will get an update to you as soon as possible. Feel free
to open a pull request and I will review and merge.

## Documentation

Vibe is based on [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/). Follow the documentation there for an introduction of the development environment.

### Modifying the layout

The basic dashboard layout is defined in `./src/views/layouts/DashboardLayout.js`. You can modify parts of the layout with the following code:

Part | Modification
--- | ---
CSS | Sass files can be found in `./src/vibe/scss`. Update `./src/vibe/scss/components/vars.scss` to change global styles.
Responsivity | Configure the switch between mobile and desktop layout with the constant `MOBILE_SIZE`
Logo | Change file `./src/assets/images/vibe-logo.svg` or import a different `Logo`
Chat | Enable/Disable it by default by setting the initial state of `showChat1`
Header | Change function component `HeaderNav`.
Footer | Change the `<Footer>` part in the `render()` function of DashboardLayout.
Menu | See below.

### Creating a new page

1. Create your page as component in the folder `./src/views/pages`. (You can actually create these components anywhere you wish, this is just a recommendation.)
1. Add your component to the `pageList` array in `./src/views/index.js`.
1. Call it by opening the route you've chosen.

Key | Value
--- | ---
`component` | Your component name
`name` | The display name in the top bar (`Header`) of the dashboard
`route` | Route of this page, using the [react-router-dom](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/quick-start) syntax

See below for how to use Bootstrap components to design your page content.

### Creating a menu entry

All pages are accessible by their routes, but only pages manually added to `./src/_nav.js` show up on the sidebar menu.

There are two menus available to fill: `top` and `bottom`.

Every top level menu entry can either be a top level button or a folder with a single level of child entries.

Key | Value
--- | ---
`name` | Display name of the menu entry
`icon` | (Optional) Icon prefixed to the display name. The correct item gets autoloaded by Vibe. ([react-feather](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-feather) is used for icons.
`url` | (Optional) Either a relative URL to the target page or an absolute URL to an external page (For linked menu entries. Make sure relative URLs start with a slash, i.e. `/home`)
`external` | (Optional) Set to `true` if the `url` points to an external page.
`target` | (Optional) Set to `_blank` if you want the link to an external page to open in a new window.
`children` | (Optional) Child entries as array (For folder menu entries)
`divider` | (Optional) Inserts a visual divider if set to true (Use this instead of a menu entry)

*Note:* If you wish menus to be expanded by default, you have to change the initial state of `open` in `./src/vibe/components/SidebarNav/components/NavDropdownItem.js`.

### Using Bootstrap / reactstrap

Vibe is using the Bootstrap-for-React library [reactstrap](https://reactstrap.github.io/). Follow the [components documentation](https://reactstrap.github.io/components/) for using them in a Vibe Dashboard.

Note that Vibe overwrites the default Bootstrap styles in `./src/vibe/scss/components/`.

Custom Vibe components are in the `.src/vibe/components/` directory.

### Using Feather icons

Vibe is using [react-feather](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-feather) for its icons.

A nice overview over all available icons can be found on <https://feathericons.com/>.

*Note:* In order to use a Feather icon in react, convert the name to camel case. (I.e. `alert-circle` becomes `AlertCircle`).

Commit message:

Docs: Adds a note about page definition order and routes

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img src="assets/preview.png"/>
</p>

Vibe is a beautiful React.js dashboard build with Bootstrap 4 and
comes with lots of custom templates and components. It's built with Sass
which allows you to quickly change global colors and styles.

### Quick Start

- Install dependencies by running `yarn` or `npm install`.
- Run `yarn start` or `npm run start` to start the local dev server.

### Reporting Issues

Report any issues you may find with Vibe on the github
issues tab. I will get an update to you as soon as possible. Feel free
to open a pull request and I will review and merge.

## Documentation

Vibe is based on [Create React App](https://create-react-app.dev/). Follow the documentation there for an introduction of the development environment.

### Modifying the layout

The basic dashboard layout is defined in `./src/views/layouts/DashboardLayout.js`. You can modify parts of the layout with the following code:

Part | Modification
--- | ---
CSS | Sass files can be found in `./src/vibe/scss`. Update `./src/vibe/scss/components/vars.scss` to change global styles.
Responsivity | Configure the switch between mobile and desktop layout with the constant `MOBILE_SIZE`
Logo | Change file `./src/assets/images/vibe-logo.svg` or import a different `Logo`
Chat | Enable/Disable it by default by setting the initial state of `showChat1`
Header | Change function component `HeaderNav`.
Footer | Change the `<Footer>` part in the `render()` function of DashboardLayout.
Menu | See below.

### Creating a new page

1. Create your page as component in the folder `./src/views/pages`. (You can actually create these components anywhere you wish, this is just a recommendation.)
1. Add your component to the `pageList` array in `./src/views/index.js`.
1. Call it by opening the route you've chosen.

Key | Value
--- | ---
`component` | Your component name
`name` | The display name in the top bar (`Header`) of the dashboard
`route` | Route of this page, using the [react-router-dom](https://reacttraining.com/react-router/web/guides/quick-start) syntax

*Note:* The order of the page definition is important for the routing. The first page to match a route wins. Example: If you want to route `/edit` and `/edit/:id` to different components, you need to define the page with route `/edit/:id` first. Otherwise `/edit` always wins out.

See below for how to use Bootstrap components to design your page content.

### Creating a menu entry

All pages are accessible by their routes, but only pages manually added to `./src/_nav.js` show up on the sidebar menu.

There are two menus available to fill: `top` and `bottom`.

Every top level menu entry can either be a top level button or a folder with a single level of child entries.

Key | Value
--- | ---
`name` | Display name of the menu entry
`icon` | (Optional) Icon prefixed to the display name. The correct item gets autoloaded by Vibe. ([react-feather](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-feather) is used for icons.
`url` | (Optional) Either a relative URL to the target page or an absolute URL to an external page (For linked menu entries. Make sure relative URLs start with a slash, i.e. `/home`)
`external` | (Optional) Set to `true` if the `url` points to an external page.
`target` | (Optional) Set to `_blank` if you want the link to an external page to open in a new window.
`children` | (Optional) Child entries as array (For folder menu entries)
`divider` | (Optional) Inserts a visual divider if set to true (Use this instead of a menu entry)

*Note:* If you wish menus to be expanded by default, you have to change the initial state of `open` in `./src/vibe/components/SidebarNav/components/NavDropdownItem.js`.

### Using Bootstrap / reactstrap

Vibe is using the Bootstrap-for-React library [reactstrap](https://reactstrap.github.io/). Follow the [components documentation](https://reactstrap.github.io/components/) for using them in a Vibe Dashboard.

Note that Vibe overwrites the default Bootstrap styles in `./src/vibe/scss/components/`.

Custom Vibe components are in the `./src/vibe/components/` directory.

### Using Feather icons

Vibe is using [react-feather](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-feather) for its icons.

A nice overview over all available icons can be found on <https://feathericons.com/>.

*Note:* In order to use a Feather icon in react, convert the name to camel case. (I.e. `alert-circle` becomes `AlertCircle`).
